Docs: Add example to the Indexer API doc (#29272)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/main-config/main-config-indexers.mdx

  Custom indexers can be used for an advanced purpose: defining stories in any language, including template languages, and converting the files to CSF. To see examples of this in action, you can refer to [`@storybook/addon-svelte-csf`](https://github.com/storybookjs/addon-svelte-csf) for Svelte template syntax and [`storybook-vue-addon`](https://github.com/tobiasdiez/storybook-vue-addon) for Vue template syntax.
</details>

> <details>
>   <summary>Adding sidebar links from a collection of URLs</summary>
> 
>   The Indexer API is flexible enough to let you process arbitrary content, so long as your framework tooling is able to transform the exports in that content into actual stories it can run. In this advanced example, we have an EcmaScript module that contains URLs as named exports:
> 
>   ```ts
>   // src/stories/MyLinks.url.js
>   export default {};
> 
>   export const DesignTokens = 'https://www.designtokens.org/';
>   export const CobaltUI = 'https://cobalt-ui.pages.dev/';
>   export const MiseEnMode = 'https://mode.place/';
>   export const IndexerAPI = 'https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/discussions/23176';
>   ```
> 
>   We'll write an indexer in `main.ts` that generates story entries for each URL. We'll use the export name as a story title, and we'll store the URL in the story ID so we can find it later.
> 
>   Because strings aren't valid stories, we'll complement the indexer with a Vite plugin in our `vite.config.ts` that transforms the file into actual stories. We'll use a Svelte framework, and replace each URL with a Svelte component that redirects to the previous page (so that the story loading is cancelled and so that loading the story feels like clicking an actual external link).
> 
>   In parallel to loading valid stories, we'll add a `renderLabel` function in `manager.ts` to customise the links in the sidebar, and make them actually open the URL in a new tab when clicked. The URL is fetched from the story ID. We'll add some CSS in `manager-head.html` to make those sidebar entries look unique.
> 
>   The code and live demo for this proof-of-concept are [available on StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/~/github.com/Sidnioulz/storybook-sidebar-urls).
> </details>

Reviewer: @Sidnioulz, we have a bit of room for improvement here and we could go with the following:
````suggestion

<details>
  <summary>Adding sidebar links from a URL collection</summary>

  The indexer API is flexible enough to let you process arbitrary content, so long as your framework tooling can transform the exports in that content into actual stories it can run. This advanced example demonstrates how you can create a custom indexer to process a collection of URLs, extract the title and URL from each page, and render them as sidebar links in the UI. Implemented with Svelte, it can be adapted to any framework.

  Start by creating the URL collection file (i.e., `src/MyLinks.url.js`) with a list of URLs listed as named exports. The indexer will use the export name as the story title and the value as the unique identifier.

  ```js title="MyLinks.url.js"
  export default {};

  export const DesignTokens = 'https://www.designtokens.org/';
  export const CobaltUI = 'https://cobalt-ui.pages.dev/';
  export const MiseEnMode = 'https://mode.place/';
  export const IndexerAPI = 'https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/discussions/23176';
  ```

  Adjust your Vite configuration file to include a custom plugin complementing the indexer. This will allow Storybook to process and import the URl collection file as stories.

  ```ts title="vite.config.ts"
  import * as acorn from 'acorn';
  import * as walk from 'acorn-walk';
  import { defineConfig, type Plugin } from 'vite';
  import { svelte } from '@sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte';

  function StorybookUrlLinksPlugin(): Plugin {
    return {
      name: 'storybook-url-links',
      async transform(code: string, id: string) {
        if (id.endsWith('.url.js')) {
          const ast = acorn.parse(code, {
            ecmaVersion: 2020,
            sourceType: 'module',
          });

          const namedExports: string[] = [];
          let defaultExport = 'export default {};';

          walk.simple(ast, {
            // Extracts the named exports, those represent our stories, and for each of them, we'll return a valid Svelte component.
            ExportNamedDeclaration(node: acorn.ExportNamedDeclaration) {
              if (
                node.declaration &&
                node.declaration.type === 'VariableDeclaration'
              ) {
                node.declaration.declarations.forEach((declaration) => {
                  if ('name' in declaration.id) {
                    namedExports.push(declaration.id.name);
                  }
                });
              }
            },
            // Preserve our default export.
            ExportDefaultDeclaration(node: acorn.ExportDefaultDeclaration) {
              defaultExport = code.slice(node.start, node.end);
            },
          });

          return {
            code: `
              import RedirectBack from '../../.storybook/components/RedirectBack.svelte';
              ${namedExports
                .map(
                  (name) =>
                    `export const ${name} = () => new RedirectBack({ target: 'storybook-root'});`
                )
                .join('\n')}
              ${defaultExport}
            `,
            map: null,
          };
        }
      },
    };
  }

  export default defineConfig({
    plugins: [StorybookUrlLinksPlugin(), svelte()],
  })
  ```

  Update your Storybook configuration (i.e., `.storybook/main.js|ts`) to include the custom indexer.

  ```ts title=".storybook/main.js|ts"
  import type { StorybookConfig } from '@storybook/svelte-vite';
  import type { Indexer } from '@storybook/types';

  const urlIndexer: Indexer = {
    test: /\.url\.js$/,
    createIndex: async (fileName, { makeTitle }) => {
      const fileData = await import(fileName);

      return Object.entries(fileData)
        .filter(([key]) => key != 'default')
        .map(([name, url]) => {
          return {
            type: 'docs',
            importPath: fileName,
            exportName: name,
            title: makeTitle(name)
              .replace(/([a-z])([A-Z])/g, '$1 $2')
              .trim(),
            __id: `url--${name}--${encodeURIComponent(url as string)}`,
            tags: ['!autodocs', 'url']
          };
        });
    }
  };

  const config: StorybookConfig = {
    stories: ['../src/**/*.stories.@(js|ts|svelte)', '../src/**/*.url.js'],
    framework: {
      name: '@storybook/svelte-vite',
      options: {},
    },
    experimental_indexers: async (existingIndexers) => [urlIndexer, ...existingIndexers]
  };
  export default config;
  ```

  Add a Storybook UI configuration file (i.e., `.storybook/manager.js|ts`) to render the indexed URLs as sidebar links in the UI:

  ```ts title=".storybook/manager.ts"
  import { addons } from '@storybook/manager-api';

  import SidebarLabelWrapper from './components/SidebarLabelWrapper.tsx';

  addons.setConfig({
      sidebar: {
        renderLabel: (item) => SidebarLabelWrapper({ item }),
      },
  });
  ```

  This example's code and live demo are available on [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/~/github.com/Sidnioulz/storybook-sidebar-urls).

</details>
````

Author: Thanks for the iteration on copy, @jonniebigodes :pray:

There's a tiny casing typo in your updated version, so I've taken the liberty to edit your suggestion before merging it.
